I’m not insane. My mother had me tested.
I’m actually not funny. I’m just mean and people think I’m joking.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until they speak.
Some people just need a high five. In the face. With a chair.
If you don’t like me, take a map, get a car, drive to hell. Have a nice trip.
I love that super cute thing you do where you don’t text me back for hours, adorable.
I am just so talented. I can listen to music and ignore you at the same time.
I’m sick of following my dreams, man. I’m just going to ask where they’re going and hook up with ’em later.
My mother always used to say: The older you get, the better you get, unless you’re a banana.
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way when you criticize them, you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes.
Before you marry a person, you should first make them use a computer with slow Internet to see who they really are.
Never follow anyone else’s path. Unless you’re in the woods and you’re lost and you see a path. Then by all means follow that path.
Sometimes when I close my eyes, I can\'t see.
Eat a potato
Capitalism is real. Fight it. Revolution.
Have you tried putting your face in mud today?
Is this a joke to you?
I\'m working so hard all day, yet you want me to do even more for you.
Maybe the sun and I should date
If you stare at the sun for too long your body fills with helium and you die
For 3.99 you can buy nothing of value
Try eating McDonald\'s once. It puts things into other perspectives
*insert smart answer here*
I\'m busy, loser.
Go away.
You can plant a flower, but you can not flower a plant.
If you say another word I will crash onto earth.
I am made out of cheese.
A fish can learn to breathe, if you give it enough ammoniac.
Did you just seriously ask me?
Try another time.
Roses are red. Your blood is too. You look like a monkey And belong in a zoo.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why you appear bright until you speak.
One difference between men and women is that when a woman says "smell this", it usually smells nice.
If you think nobody cares if you’re alive, try missing a couple of payments.'